FINALE
Do Eun-hyuk.
Turn around.
I'm going to Cheongun.
CHA WOO-SEOK
HAN SEOL-AH
POWER OFF
The phone you are trying to reach
is turned off.
CALL ENDED
When Yoon Seung-jae found out
that Han Seol-ah's men who took out
insurance policies ended up dead,
he took out a policy himself.
He wanted to see how you'd react.
And Do Eun-hyuk encouraged him.
Do Eun-hyuk's mother sold insurance,
so he knew a lot about it
from a young age.
Eun-hyuk said I should take out a policy
to see if you'd accept my proposal.
I won't use you as bait.
I'm the only one who can approach them
without raising suspicion.
I'll do it.
DO EUN-HYUK
DO EUN-HYE PRIVATE TUTORING EXPENSES
LIVING EXPENSES
This isn't over
until we catch the killer.
You haven't killed me yet.
I'm thinking about it.
You weren't part of the plan.
How did you know it was me?
No one could get away
with killing someone on a yacht…
better than an underwater photographer.
HAN SEOL-AH
CHA WOO-SEOK
Hello?
If you hadn't seen Kim Yun-ji that day,
it would've been the perfect crime.
Right?
Auctioneers all have a keen eye.
That woman was just unlucky.
What is it?
You could've at least made a sound.
That was creepy.
Did I scare you?
I'm sorry.
It was too suffocating down there.
I think this is the first time
we've actually talked.
Do you even talk to anyone here
besides Ms. Han?
I heard you used to be
an underwater photographer.
How do you take photos like that?
For starters,
you need professional diving equipment,
and you have to practice diving.
Diving practice too?
That sounds hard.
Where's your studio?
In Cheongun.
What's the matter?
SIU INVESTIGATOR CHA WOO-SEOK
Aren't you going to answer?
-Did you see something you shouldn't have?
-Don't come near me.
It's her fault for doing something stupid
and becoming a witness.
Who else is there to blame?
What about the men?
Did you love Han Seol-ah so much
but lacked the confidence?
Was that why you killed them?
Shut up.
Don't run your mouth
when you don't know anything.
Those bastards deserved to die!
That damn doctor gaslit his patient
and took out a life insurance policy.
The bastard used Seol-ah's past trauma!
LIFE INSURANCE APPLICATION FORM
POLICYHOLDER: CHOI YOUNG-HO
Seol-ah canceled the policy
because she was afraid
something bad might happen,
but that bastard just wouldn't give up.
He was nothing but a junkie,
sticking needles in his arm.
I saved Seol-ah
from that piece of shit, Choi Young-ho!
Why did you kill Yoon Seung-jae?
That pathetic guy was swayed
by Kim Yun-ji's words.
Get out right now!
You also took out
a life insurance policy, right?
You'll regret it.
"Seiren"?
You know, mermaids that lured sailors
with their singing.
Are you still worried
Seol-ah won't accept your proposal?
Actually…
I took out a life insurance policy
with Seol-ah as the beneficiary.
He was a shallow bastard
who never trusted Seol-ah.
He kept wondering
if she was only after his money.
The only reason he refused to give her up…
was that every man wanted her.
He just wanted to keep her as his trophy!
Don't you think it's better
for bastards like him to just disappear
and leave the insurance payout behind?
Who the hell do you think you are?
What gives you the right?
You obsessed over Han Seol-ah,
labeled those men as trash,
and then you killed them!
Your obsession and arrogance
made Seol-ah's life a living hell.
You saw her suffering with your own eyes
and did it anyway, you bastard!
It doesn't matter…
what you call me
or what you think my place is.
When you're underwater,
every sound and struggle is drowned out.
I'll make it quick.
I think 20 kg is enough
to keep your body underwater,
even as it decomposes.
No, no, no.
DETECTIVE GONG JOO-YOUNG
CHEONGUN, WHERE LIFE IS GOOD
WELCOME TO CHEONGUN CITY
Go farther.
All the way to the edge.
Go ahead and shoot me.
If you kill me,
Seol-ah will find out you're the culprit.
Seol-ah trusts me.
I just need to get rid of you.
Don't kid yourself, Do Eun-hyuk.
She already suspects you.
You have no idea
what we endured together.
We'll never
abandon each other.
You should've just told her how you felt.
She didn't seem to be aware
of your feelings.
Was staying near her
and getting rid of every man
your only goal?
I have no intention of becoming her man.
I'm just paying for my sins
in my own way.
Jump in.
If you can't, I'll just shoot you.
No!
Eun-hyuk!
Eun-hyuk.
Eun-hyuk, please don't do this.
Don't do it. Put it down.
It's dangerous. Back away!
Please stop.
Put that down!
Eun-hyuk.
I said back away!
It's me, Seol-ah.
Please stop.
That bastard destroyed us!
Cha Woo-seok suspected you,
and that's how it all started.
That's how we got to this point!
You killed people for me?
Did you really think I'd want that?
It's too late
to turn back now.
No!
Seol-ah.
Seol-ah, stay with me.
Seol-ah!
Seol-ah.
Seol-ah, stay with me.
Why did you do that?!
Seol-ah!
-We need an ambulance!
-Don't move!
What happened?
She was shot.
She's losing consciousness.
Ms. Han, stay with me!
Ms. Han!
OPERATING CENTER
SURGERY STATUS
HAN SEOL-**: IN SURGERY
The surgery went well.
There was some muscle damage,
so she'll need physical therapy,
but she should heal over time.
By some miracle,
the bullet didn't hit any major nerves,
but once she comes out of anesthesia,
we'll monitor her for signs of paralysis
and also administer painkillers
to ease the pain.
Thank you.
You should get treated as well.
No!
Why did you try to kill
Cha Woo-seok?
You recognize
these people, don't you?
Did Han Seol-ah order you
to kill all of these men?
NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
What are you doing at someone else's desk?
Mr. Cha asked me to bring his laptop
and other things.
It's like he's setting up an office
at the hospital.
I told him to clear his head
and get some rest,
but he refuses to listen.
By the way, isn't it really shocking
that the killer
is Ms. Han Seol-ah's friend?
That's why they say we tend to miss
what's right in front of us.
You never know
what someone is really like.
You know, Mr. Cha got into a car accident,
and he got shot twice.
Don't you think our job is too dangerous?
I was happy when I got the certification,
but now I'm thinking
maybe I should switch jobs.
Hey, do you think
Cha-cha got injured while working?
-He didn't?
-Jeez. You have no clue, do you?
He got injured
while trying to protect his woman.
-What?
No way.
I thought this case
was like Basic Instinct,
but it was actually
just a life-or-death romance movie.
Did you hear?
The doctor said
if it hadn't been for you,
the bullet would've gone through my heart.
You saved me too, Woo-seok.
Don't ever do that again.
I never want to experience
that kind of fear again.
What happened to Eun-hyuk?
It seems he's still refusing to talk.
He knew me
better than anyone else in the world.
He was the only friend
who stayed by my side with Suk-ji.
He thought he was protecting you,
but it was a misguided thought.
I have to know.
I need to hear why he did it.
You need to recover first.
Please tell the police
that I'll turn myself in.
I'm turning myself in.
GANGHA POLICE STATION
TRUSTED POLICE, TOGETHER WITH THE PEOPLE
COMMITTED TO INTEGRITY AND TRANSPARENCY
Seol-ah.
Seol-ah!
Why is she here?
She turned herself in.
She'll be investigated as the main culprit
who ordered you to do what you did,
so we don't need your statement anymore.
No, leave Seol-ah alone.
It was me.
I killed them all!
Seol-ah had nothing to do with it!
Seol-ah doesn't know anything!
She's innocent!
Seol-ah didn't do it!
She didn't know about any of it!
What exactly
do you hope to gain from all this?
Let me confront Do Eun-hyuk.
If you do,
do you think he'll talk?
Probably.
Because that's how he can protect her.
Do Eun-hyuk says he'll confess.
He wants Ms. Han released.
How did you find out
Paek Jun-beom was Lee Su-ho?
When I followed him to the villa,
I got chills.
The house that looked exactly the way
Lee Su-ho had described it.
His one-sided smile.
The way he was left-handed and his gait.
-Surprise!
-What's all this?
-Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Happy birthday.
But more importantly,
it was the way he looked at Seol-ah.
It bothered me from the start
and somehow felt familiar.
I just needed to confirm one last thing.
The moment I confirmed his allergy,
I knew that Seol-ah
also figured out who he was.
And I could guess where they were headed.
Get away from me!
INDUSTRIAL CIRCUIT BREAKER
She would've been in danger
if I hadn't gone there.
That wasn't murder.
I was protecting Seol-ah.
BOOKKEEPING LEDGER
From study abroad expenses
to underwater equipment and studio rent,
why did Chair Kim Sun-ae
financially support you
for over ten years?
What did you do for her in return?
I let her borrow my name.
She made artwork transactions
under my name.
So you just let her borrow your name--
I killed Chair Kim too.
She exploited Seol-ah
whenever it suited her,
but when trouble came up,
she tried to fire her.
I think he's hiding something.
I confessed that I was behind everything,
so let Seol-ah go.
She didn't know anything.
Please let us talk alone.
I have nothing to say.
Do Eun-hyuk.
Get her out of here.
If not, I'll refuse to give a statement.
You should leave for now.
You said you did it for me.
But you can't even look me in the eye.
I said get out!
Are you okay?
They can't talk face-to-face.
Do Eun-hyuk is adamantly refusing.
He doesn't want Seol-ah
to see the worst of him.
NEULSAEM GENERAL HOSPITAL
You didn't hurt your stomach,
so keep eating throughout the day
so you can heal quickly.
Not in the mood?
Do you want to wash your hair?
I saw a shampoo room.
It's hard to do with one arm, right?
Suk-ji.
Yeah?
Why aren't you asking me anything?
To be honest,
I still can't believe it.
How could our childhood friend
do something like that?
I thought about
grabbing that jerk by the neck
or killing him with my own hands,
but I had something more important to do.
I have to take care of you.
You're early.
I thought you'd be coming
later in the evening.
I took the day off,
and Ms. Hwang has to go back to the bar.
I hired a part-timer for the day.
Oh, I see.
But the owner should be there,
so you can go.
You came because you missed Seol-ah,
didn't you?
I was worried too.
He confessed,
and the evidence checks out,
but his motive for killing Chair Kim
seems weak.
Maybe Chair Kim
had something on Do Eun-hyuk too.
The amount is way too big to be
just payment for using someone's name.
Ju Hyun-su.
He was Chair Kim's lackey.
He must have some connection
with Do Eun-hyuk.
I can dry my own hair.
But it's hard to do with one hand.
I can ask a nurse for help.
Just trust me.
I did my younger sister's hair
all the time.
It's not that I don't trust you.
Are you shy?
No.
Go ahead, then.
I should've offered to wash your hair too.
No, it's…
You're done now, right?
No.
Not yet.
Do you think
I'll be able to live a normal life again?
Just like everyone else?
Of course.
How about
we start things
like a normal couple?
Oh no!
I'm sorry. Are you okay?
My hand just…
It's okay.
EMERGENCY TRANSPORT
I felt even more guilty toward Mr. Cha
when I heard that guy had been arrested.
I'm not trying to blame you.
I'm just worried
about how much
you must be beating yourself up.
To be honest, I think I knew for a while
that it was insurance fraud.
But admitting that
would mean that I let him get away.
So I hid behind the verdict,
acting like I'd done everything I could
and by the book,
and being completely hypocritical.
Honey.
Sometimes,
when I looked into Woo-seok's eyes,
it felt like I was seeing the truth
I'd been avoiding.
My poor husband.
It must've been so hard for you.
It's not too late to make things right.
The only way I can make things right
is to make sure that bastard Ju Hyun-su…
receives the maximum sentence
under the law.
That's it.
You're finally going home.
I have to stop by somewhere
before I go home.
THE LATE CHA WOO-HEE
OCTOBER 8, 1993 - AUGUST 28, 2020
I've been wanting to come here
because I heard so much about her.
It's become even harder to come here
since catching Ju Hyun-su.
It felt like I was the one
who should apologize
instead of him.
I think what your sister wants to hear
is for you to say that you're okay now.
I'm sure she'd want to see you smiling
and living life to the fullest.
I'll leave you
to spend some time with her.
You should tell her things
you never got to say.
Woo-hee.
I'm…
sorry.
I should've come sooner.
This is all I have
since I was in the hospital.
Have you…
visited Eun-hyuk?
I think he's given up completely.
He says he doesn't need a lawyer
and isn't going to appeal.
At some point,
he started acting strangely.
And at some point,
you became hostile toward me.
I was afraid
that he might've done something
and wondered what he was up to.
I was anxious and scared,
so I lashed out at you.
I told myself that everything
would be okay if you were gone
and that you were behind it all.
I wasn't with Eun-hyuk the whole day
when Seung-jae's accident happened.
I lied to the police
and showed them
the food delivery receipt and photo,
but Eun-hyuk…
He knew I was giving a false statement,
but he didn't say a word.
I was hoping it was you.
It was Han Seol-ah.
That woman killed her.
That's why I called in the tip
to the police.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have done that.
Eun-hye.
You need to get it together.
Things won't be easy,
but you have to stay strong.
He's…
the only family I have left.
I hate him to death,
but I feel sorry for him.
He wants you to visit him.
He's still only looking for you…
even though his life is in ruins.
So…
are you finally ready now?
I know there's something
you have to tell me.
That's why I asked you to come.
Where did it all go wrong?
How did it come to this?
Bit by bit,
as I recalled everything,
I realized which day it was.
It was the day I desperately wished
I'd just die.
The small hand you held out to me…
Do Eun-hyuk, get up.
…was my salvation
and reason to live.
I wanted to live.
I just wanted to live.
-Come here, you little bastard!
-Get away from me!
-You moron!
-Go away!
I just wanted to live.
But my father died,
and his death was ruled an accident.
Nobody knew it was me who did it,
but I think my mom knew.
Where did I put it?
GW LIFE INSURANCE
INSURANCE APPLICATION FORM
Mom!
Mom.
Mom, where are you going?!
Mom!
She took off
with my father's death benefit…
and never came back.
That's when I learned…
you can make money
when someone dies,
and how death
can be quietly covered up.
Your parents
got their insurance through my mom.
You knew about that?
It was me.
I was the one who started the fire.
That can't be.
I remember holding the lighter.
You had passed out.
Seol-ah, wake up.
Wake up.
It wasn't you.
It was me.
I thought that
if you collected the payout,
your parents' sacrifice
wouldn't be in vain.
I watched you suffer from a false memory
all these years,
but I didn't have the courage to tell you.
I became a monster
the moment I caused my father's death,
and I couldn't approach you any further
after setting your house on fire.
Remember what you said at Suk-ji's bar?
You thought
we'd grow up to be special to each other.
Hearing that…
made me so happy…
yet sad at the same time.
I ruined our fate with my own hands.
Chair Kim saw everything.
And after that,
I became her lapdog.
She knew
what I was most afraid of.
Ju Hyun-su will be out soon.
Take care of that bastard quietly first.
If you don't,
I'll make sure she finds out
about the secret
you're so desperate to keep from her.
I was behind everything.
So let go of your guilt
and stop hurting.
I'll take all the punishment.
You once told me
that no one gets to pick their parents
before they're born.
You were abused and abandoned,
and I became an orphan.
But none of that was our fault.
But how we chose to live afterward
was entirely up to us.
I was in a lot of pain,
but I accepted the life I was given.
You had so many chances
to make a different decision.
By the time I realized that,
it was too late.
I had no choice
but to continue down the path I'd been on.
You're the one
who made me the most miserable.
Seol-ah.
Don't ever call me
by my name again.
DRAWING THE MIND
DRAWING THE MIND: ART THERAPY PROGRAM
WITH NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
-Hello, here's a gift for you.
-Hello.
Mr. Cha.
Chae-rin, how've you been?
How are you feeling?
I feel a lot better now.
I came as a helper today.
Think you can do a good job?
I'm counting on you, Chae-rin.
-Okay.
-Here, take this.
How've you been?
She's still in foster care, right?
Yeah.
She has to go to the hospital often,
so it hasn't been easy.
DRAWING THE MIND
Okay, everyone.
Today, we're going to create a new story.
Leave the sad past behind,
imagine the person you want to become,
and let that imagination
run free on the paper.
-Okay!
Then let's begin.
Look at this.
Try this too.
Thank you, Chae-rin.
So you like blue, huh?
Yes, I like it
because it reminds me of the sky.
That must've hurt.
It doesn't hurt when I draw.
I like drawing because it helps me
forget about the past.
Does it?
The same goes for me.
That's why I drew a lot
and made a lot of wood carvings.
Then I want to keep drawing too.
It's so much fun.
You should.
And someday,
we can hold an exhibition together.
Really?
I promise.
NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
The SIU
never makes a move without data
because lies always leave a trace.
Are you kidding me?
I told you I can't move my neck
or use my hands.
Are you refusing to pay?
Mr. Koo, your acting is so bad
that I can't get into it.
-Got it. Let's try again.
-Okay.
You punk!
You little jerk.
How dare you accuse me of lying?
I bet people tell you all the time
that you're rude.
How dare you say that
when you have no evidence?
You've been waiting to say that,
haven't you?
Mr. Cha, I'm too scared to continue.
You're such a wimp.
It's scarier in real life.
Oh, jeez!
You've still got quick reflexes, huh?
Come on, Cha-cha.
This is just practice.
Why are you treating it
like it's the real thing?
See?
People who commit fraud
can lie with words,
but their body never lies.
As expected of Grim Reaper Cha.
I need to write this down.
Mr. Cha, you have a guest.
Me?
Ju Hyun-su's verdict is in.
I saw the article.
He got 15 years.
I'm sorry.
That was the maximum sentence
under the law.
I know it's too late,
but I didn't think
I had the right to apologize
until Ju Hyun-su's verdict came in.
I made you
face that long, hard fight alone.
And for that, I have no excuses to make
as a detective and a human being.
Thank you…
for the apology.
Detective Gong told me
you're on a case involving a death benefit
of more than four billion won.
I am, but what about it?
These are the call logs
of those linked to the deceased.
There's one number that kept appearing.
CALL LOG
You're here.
I got some groceries on my way here.
Cucumbers,
eggs,
carrots,
and last but not least,
some fruit.
I noticed you were out of fruit.
You're very observant.
Well, it comes with the job.
-Did you make stew?
-Yes. Do you want a taste?
What do you think?
-I have a weapon.
-I was kidding.
-It was a joke.
-I have a weapon.
I was just messing with you.
It's really good. It's seasoned perfectly.
I never thought I'd find myself
making warm, home-cooked meals.
You were too focused on work before.
Take better care of yourself from now on.
I don't think someone more of a workaholic
than me has the right to say that.
Take this too.
Han Seol-ah,
you deserve to be much happier
than anyone else.
Please let me…
make that happen for you.
I can't accept this.
The truth is,
I'm getting ready to study abroad.
I want to study art therapy,
which helps children heal through art.
I don't know how long I'll be away.
I still want you to accept this.
I'm not stopping you from going.
Do whatever you want.
I'll wait.
I can't make you do that.
I'll take time off and visit you.
If you want me to visit, I'll visit.
If you want me to wait, I'll wait.
You know what?
Let's go together.
I can go with you.
I can take a sabbatical
and take care of you while you study.
Whatever choice you make…
I'll be by your side.
Just trust me for once.
I already do.
But you were planning on
leaving me behind?
It seemed too selfish of me.
You can be selfish
with me.
You can be stubborn and throw tantrums.
Whatever you do,
I'll take it all.
We only
have each other now.
I'll be your mother, father,
older brother, and younger brother.
I'll be your everything.
This painting right here
has been on display
in the Royal Auction exhibition hall
for many years.
The world often calls people
who quietly bear their burdens monsters.
This seiren here
also represents
temptation and destruction.
But perhaps the real monster
is the prejudice we direct at others.
People who refuse to see the truth
and instead are quick to judge others
are the ones who pull them
deeper beneath the surface.
To me, this seiren now seems less
like a creature that harms others
and more like a survivor
who kept her voice alive
in the face of prejudice.
If you happen to be navigating
such waters right now,
I truly hope
you don't lose your own voice.
CHIEF AUCTIONEER HAN SEOL-AH
Sang-mi,
I'll leave this with you.
Okay, Ms. Han.
Thank you.
Thank you all for everything.
Can we still keep in touch with you?
Of course.
Take care.
There was a time
when the world called a woman a witch.
People condemned her too easily…
A FAMILY
BY HAN JIN-WOO
…and cast stones at her without thinking.
Which side are you on?
Are you the one being pelted,
or the one throwing stones?
The truth is often cruel,
and some scars
never fade.
Regardless, don't give up.
Keep loving anyway.
My witch still cries sometimes,
but we're together.
There's no salvation.
There's only the choice
to hold each other's hands
and never let go.
Subtitle: Jenny Kim